#labels Phase-Design
==English messages file==

*request type:* POST

*URL:* /client14/lang/rajce-en-us.lng

*responce:*
<pre>
msgInfo=Info
msgWarning=Warning
msgError=Error
msgRajceInfo=rajce.net | Info
msgLoginTitle=Login
msgLoginText=Connecting to the server...
msgGetAlbumListStrFromServerTitle=Loading...
msgGetAlbumListStrFromServerText=Album list loading from server
msgEmptyAlbumText=No photos in album
msgNotEditedAlbumText=Album wasn't changed.
msgAlbumExistText=There is already album with the same name, chose alternative name.
msgDeleteAlbum=Deleting of previous album...
msgCreateAlbum=Creating new album...
msgEmptyAlbum=Cleaning previous album...
msgNotSavedAlbum=You are leaving an unsaved album, all the changes will be lost, do you want to continue?
msgNotSelectDirectory=You didn't select source directory, choose directory now?
msgCheckNewVersion=Checking for new version...
msgDownloadNewVersion=New version found, downloading...
msgUpdating=Updating...
msgUpdatingError=Update error. Please restart rajce.
msgWaitForThreadEnd=Waiting for the end of proccess...
msgDeletingAlbum=Deleting album on the server...
msgDeletingAlbumError=Couldn't remove album from server. Error:
msgSaveUserDetail=Saving of user details...
msgEditedUserDetail=User details were changed. Do you want return changes back (don't save)?
msgSaveError=Saving error occurred.
msgLoadAlbumsError=Load error, retry?
msgLoading=Loading...
msgLoadingError=Loading Error.
msgLoadingErrorRetry=Loading Error. Retry?
locationID=1033
langname=English
version=beta48
versionID=71
mainTitle=rajce wizard
navNext=Continue >>
navBack=<< back
title=Test title
text=Some longer text, I'm curious about the result :-)
user=User:
userURL=URL:
userUsed=Used:
userVIP=you are VIP
userForum=feedback
LoginDlgTitle=User login
LoginDlgText=Input login and password to login.
email=email:
pass=password:
login=login
remember=remember password
createAccount=create account
forgetPass=forgotten password
loginError=Login error
AlbumsDlgTitle=Album list
AlbumsDlgText=List of albums, presented on the internet.
newAlbum=new album
showAlbum=Show
deleteAlbum=Delete
editAlbum=Edit
AlbumsDlgDelete=Do you really want to remove album from rajce?
DirectoryNotExist=directory not found
AlbumURL=Album URL:
EmptyURL=empty
EmptyDir=empty
AlbumDesc=Album description:
EmptyDesc=None
AlbumDirectory=Album Directory:
AlbumHiddenText=hidden
AlbumPassText=password
EditAlbumDlgTitle=Creating album
EditAlbumDlgText=First select directory on your computer, where the photos are (in `*`.jpg format)
btnDirectory=select directory
sourceDirectory=Source directory:
albumName=Album name:
albumDesc=Album description:
maxPhotoSize=maximum photo size:
albumHidden=hide album
albumCheckPassword=access with password
emptyDirectory=<none> please, select album with photos
albumSecureName=login name:
albumSecurePass=password: (uncoded)
EditPhotosDlgTitle=Select photos
EditPhotosDlgText=Here you can select which photos do you want to upload to the album. You can also rotate them.
EditPhotosDlgSelectedCount=Selected photos:
EditPhotosDlgOptimal=optimal count is 400 photos
EditPhotosDlgNode=no photo selected
EditPhotosDlgNodeMessage=Album is empty, please select photos (by clicking on the red cross in the thumbnail), which you want to upload to the Internet.
EditPhotosDlgSelectAllBtn=Select all
EditPhotosDlgSelectAllText=You cannot select all photographs because album contains more then 400 pictures. Select photographs manualy please. This recommendation is here because of visitors of internet. ......
EditPhotosDlgSelectNoneBtn=Select none
EditPhotosDlgDetailsBtn=Details
EditPhotoDetailDlgTitle=Edit photo details
EditPhotoDetailDlgText=Here You can fill title and description for every picture.
CopyDlgTitle=copying
CopyDlgText=Copying photos to the internet...
copyDlgCopyOK=Copying successful, do you want to show the album?
copyDlgCopyError=Error while copying, restart copying?
EditUserDetailDlgTitle=Edit user's detail
EditUserDetailDlgText=Here you can modify informations about you. For example you can fill in full name so that random users could find you according to full name.
EditUserDetailDlgFullName=full name
EditUserDetailDlgDesc=description
EditUserDetailDlgWWW=www
userNone=<nobody logged in>
userFillFullName=<no name>
userNode=<nobody logged in>
EditUserDetailDlgLang=language
msgNotEditedAlbumText2=Album didn't modify, copy all again?
msgContinueWithCopy=Continue with copping photos to server?
userPass1=password
userPass2=password (retype)
msgPasswordNotAgree=Passwords don't agree, please enter again.
SendAlbumDlgTitle=Send album
SendAlbumDlgText=Type emails (separated with comma or semicolon) to sending album url
SendAlbumDlgAllEmails=all email
SendAlbumDlgTO=to:
SendAlbumDlgSubject=subject:
SendAlbumDlgEmptyTO=Write please emails.
SendAlbumDlgSendOK=Email was sending.
SendAlbumDlgSendError=Error sending email.
SendAlbumDlgAlbumURL=Album adress:
SendAlbumDlgAlbumDesc=Album description:
albumSelectCategory=select category
albumCategory=category:
albumAddCategory=add
albumRemoveCategory=remove
EditUserDetailDlgTranslation=help for translation
userSetting=setting
newRules=new rules
msgAlbumNameEmptyText=Write please album name.
msgAlbumNameErrorText=Wrong album name.
msgAlbumSecureErrorText=Login name and password must be filled.
 
// <`*``*`EndLangFile`*``*`>
</pre>